iot/README.md, before:

# IOT Related Scripts

## Installation
1. Install the Humidity Sensor (Sense HAT) dependencies
```
sudo apt update
sudo apt install sense-hat
```

1. Install the CO2 CCS811 Sensor dependencies
    ```
    cd ~/
    sudo pip3 install --upgrade adafruit-python-shell
    sudo pip3 install adafruit-circuitpython-ccs811
    ```
1. Open /boot/config.txt & find the dtparam block
    ```
    sudo vim /boot/config.txt
    ```
1. Enable I2C clock stretching by adding or uncommenting the following lines
    ```
    dtparam=i2c_arm=on
    #dtparm=i2s=on
    dtparam=spi=on
    # Clock stretching by slowing down to 10KHz
    dtparam=i2c_arm_baudrate=10000
    ```
1. Reboot the pi
    ```
    sudo reboot
    ```

## Usage
1. Run the script to read the hardware & send to Linux receiver
    ```
    cd iot/
    ./hardware.py --verbose -ip <ip_address> -p <port>
    ```
1. Or, run the emulator script
    ```
    cd iot/
    ./hardware_emulator.py --verbose -ip <ip_address> -p <port>
    ```
1. On destination server node, process data received (write to cloud, email, etc.):
    ```
    cd iot
    ./process_data.py --verbose
    ```
1. On any node, retrieve cloud records and store in local SQL db
    ```
    cd iot
    ./cloud_reader.py --verbose
    ```
1. Optional: for step 3, add try the following to send a notification
    ```
    ./process_data.py --verbose --address <email_address>
    ```

Commit message:

feat: add HW support for receiving msg
This commit adds a script to display a status icon
on the Sense HAT's LED screen based on a message received
from an external node.

A checkmark indicates SAFE, warning symbol indicates
WARNING, question mark indicates no message received yet.

This commit has another thread poll for messages from external
nodes, while the main thread reads and sends data out in both
hardware.py and hardware_emulator.py

This commit does not support the other side of the
communication (i.e., the logic that would possibly
go into process_data.py)... will include that later if
reverse communication is feasible.

Moreover, there's currently no distinction b/w WARNING
for CO2 vs humidity. Need to figure out the other node's
logic first. Could change the status icon to have a split
screen: one side CO2, other humidity.

This change shouldn't break any current functionality.

iot/README.md, after:

# IOT Related Scripts

## Installation
1. Install the Humidity Sensor (Sense HAT) dependencies
```
sudo apt update
sudo apt install sense-hat
```

1. Install the CO2 CCS811 Sensor dependencies
    ```
    cd ~/
    sudo pip3 install --upgrade adafruit-python-shell
    sudo pip3 install adafruit-circuitpython-ccs811
    ```
1. Open /boot/config.txt & find the dtparam block
    ```
    sudo vim /boot/config.txt
    ```
1. Enable I2C clock stretching by adding or uncommenting the following lines
    ```
    dtparam=i2c_arm=on
    #dtparm=i2s=on
    dtparam=spi=on
    # Clock stretching by slowing down to 10KHz
    dtparam=i2c_arm_baudrate=10000
    ```
1. Reboot the pi
    ```
    sudo reboot
    ```

## Usage
1. Run the script to read the hardware & send to Linux receiver
    ```
    cd iot/
    ./hardware.py --verbose -ip <ip_address> -p <port>
    ```
1. Or, run the emulator script
    ```
    cd iot/
    ./hardware_emulator.py --verbose -ip <ip_address> -p <port>
    ```
1. On destination server node, process data received (write to cloud, email, etc.):
    ```
    cd iot
    ./process_data.py --verbose
    ```
1. On any node, retrieve cloud records and store in local SQL db
    ```
    cd iot
    ./cloud_reader.py --verbose
    ```
1. Optional: for step 3, try the following to send a notification
    ```
    ./process_data.py --verbose --address <email_address>
    ```
1. Optional: for step 1 or 2, try the following to display received messages:
    ```
    ./hardware.py --verbose -ip <ip_address> -p <port> -d
    ./hardware_emulator.py --verbose -ip <ip_address> -p <port> -d
    ```
